hey everybody you're watching ChaCha
cakes I'm Teresa and I am going to show
you today what I got from a friend in
the mail I had sent Jamie from three one
four Oh baby girl here on YouTube I will
link everything about her below I had
sent her just a friend mail gift she's a
fellow nail polish addict and I had some
glitters and stuff that I thought she
would appreciate so I sent them to her
and she wanted to return the favor and I
said oh don't worry about it I wanted
just to share the love with you and so
we kind of left it that for a few weeks
and then recently I was watching one of
her video she did the mail tag the what
the nail and one of her polishes was so
pretty it was from clean colors and I've
heard of clean colors eye shadows but I
didn't know they made polishes and I
just asked her all I asked her was where
did you where can I find you know the
clean color polish and she said that she
had a store near her and that she would
like to pick me up a couple to repay me
for the friends mail that I sent her so
at first I was like no no no and then I
was like looking it up online and I was
like oh you know there is some really
neat unique glitter so I gave her some
names thinking like she would just go
pick up a couple of them that lady went
online and she ordered me all ten of the
polishes that I had named like except
ones that the seller couldn't find or
whatever so you guys she sent me ten
nail polishes all completely unique all
I've never nothing like I've ever seen
from clean colors ship them here to me
and I got them this week and I was so
excited to open them you guys don't even
know yeah it was so generous of her is
so wonderful and I'm so so grateful
Jamie so thank you so much so I my nails
are clean and I'm out of swatch wheels
actually so I'm going to swatch them on
my fingers and there's ten polishes so
that'll work out just right I'm going to
turn the camera around and show you what
they look like and share with you what I
got okay so I have all ten bottles here
and you have them swatched on my nails
so I'll just go through each one and
show it to you
and this isn't the best lighting but
it's what I've got so here's what the
clean colors bottle looks like this has
clean colors with a k and
got this cool kind of crown type of
bottle the first one I have here is
chunky hollow fuchsia and it's a jelly
based with some holographic pinky
fuchsia colors and I haven't swatched
right here on this nail sorry with the
lighting you're not really seeing it but
it's just a holographic sort of a jelly
pink type of polish it's really pretty
alright the next one I have is chunky
hollow scarlet and it is in the bottle
it looks really really red and on the
nail look it's really orange it's like
an orange II red I can orange a jelly
base with red glitter and again you're
not seeing it as well as I'd like you to
be but the bottle looks how the bottle
looks okay the next one is the one that
she had shown in her video and this
one's chunky Hollow black and it's
really big glitters and sort of a jelly
base and it's really holographic and
that is right there and you can see all
those big glitters in there and it's
kind of like an orangish sort of jelly
base it's really pretty the next one I
have is really neat because it has
diamond shape glitter in it in a gold
base and it is called 24 karat and that
is on my pointer finger and you can see
a couple of those diamonds holographic
colors in there I really like that one I
forgot to tell you this is three coats
and the rest of these are just two coats
and then on my thumb and have this one
it's called moon dance and it's kind of
a dark grey base it has bar glitter in
it that's holographic and then it has
little holographic circle glitters this
one has a topcoat on it just because I
wanted to see if it would bring out the
glitter a little bit more
and yeah it's really pretty alright and
on my right hand it's they'll start with
my thumb this time this one's kind of
similar to moon ants it's called blue
satin and it's a blue color with bar
glitter and then definitely more
colorful glitter in it so here's moon
dance compared to blue satin they're
similar but different it's very very
sparkly and there it is compared to the
black one so really similar this one
just more blue and then on my pointer
finger I have this really cool one it's
huge
silver glitters and then small rainbow
glitters in a blue jelly base and this
one's called afternoon picnic and here's
what it looks like in the bottle it's
really really cool again and this is two
coats with the top coat and this one is
two coats of that one then the one I
have on my middle finger is this bottle
right here and it's called My Valentine
and it reminds me of Mardi Gras it's got
green and silver and yellow with small
purple glitter and that one's right
there this is two coats also and that's
what that one looks like and then the
next one that I have is really cool it's
like a pink jelly base and it's got the
bar glitters little glitters and you can
see the moon shaped this is three coats
just because it is pretty sheer but over
the top of something that would be
really really neat then the bottle it
looks really cool
it's called pinky moon and you can see
the bar glitters and the moons it's
really cool and then the last one I have
on my pinky is called shooting star and
it is orange and light blue and gold and
silver this is two coats of it right
here and it's almost like a pinkish base
to it
so it's really cool so I will show you
again there's that one that one that one
this one this one and then over here
so thank you Jamie I hope that gives you
guys a good idea of what these polishes
look like and I'm very impressed with
this brand and I'm very excited to have
this gift so I will see you guys again
next time thanks bye